Welcome to the OpenBTS source code.


For free support, please subscribe to openbts-discuss@lists.sourceforge.net.
See http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum_name=openbts-discuss
and https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/openbts-discuss for details.
For additional information, refer to http://gnuradio.org/trac/wiki/OpenBTS.


These are the directories:

AsteriskConfig	Asterisk configuration files for use with OpenBTS.
CommonLib	Common-use libraries, mostly C++ wrappers for basic facilities.
Control		Control-layer functions for the protocols of GSM 04.08 and SIP.
GSM		The GSM stack.
SIP		Components of the SIP state machines ued by the control layer.
SMS		The SMS stack.
TRXManager	The interface between the GSM stack and the radio.
Transceiver	The software transceiver and specific installation tests.
apps		OpenBTS application binaries.
doc		Project documentation.
tests		Test fixtures for subsets of OpenBTS components.



OpenBTS uses the following UDP port assignments:

5060 -- Asterisk
5061 -- reserved for local SIP softphone
5062 -- OpenBTS SIP interface
5063 -- reserved for local SIMPLE server
5700-range -- OpenBTS-transceiver interface

These can be controlled in the configuration file, apps/OpenBTS.config.


Releases 2.5 and later include the smqueue SMS server.  It is NOT part of the
normal GNU build process with the rest of OpenBTS.  To build smqueue, go
into the smqueue directory and just type "make".



Release history:

Release	Name		SVN Reposiory	SVN Rev	Comments

1.0	(none)		SF.net		??		completed L1, L2

1.1	Arnaudville	GNU Radio	r10019 (trunk)

1.2	Breaux Bridge	GNU Radio	r10088 (trunk)	GNU Build, very early assignment

1.3	Carencro	KSP		r1 (trunk)	first post-injunction release

1.4	Donaldsonville	KSP		r23 (trunk)	fixed Ubuntu build error

1.5	Eunice		KSP		r39 (trunk)	fixed L2 bugs related to segmentation
							removed incomplete SMS directory
							moved "abort" calls into L3 subclasses

1.6	New Iberia	KSP		r130 (trunk)	import of all 2.2 improvements to non-SMS release


2.0	St. Francisville KSP		r54 (smswork)	SMS support
							file-based configuration

2.1	Grand Coteau	KSP		r70 (smswork)	DTMF support
							fixed more Linux-related build errors
								-lpthread
								TLMessage constructor
							expanded stack to prevent overflows in Linux
							moved gSIPInterface to main app
							fixed iterator bug in Pager

2.2	Houma		KSP		r122 (smswork)	added LEGAL notice
							removed Assert classes
							stop paging on page response
							fixed Pager-spin bug
							fixed Transceiver spin bugs
							fixed 2^32 microsecond rollover bug
							reduced stack footprints in Transceiver
							fixed SMS timestamps
							check LAI before using TMSI in LUR
							reduced memory requirement by 75%
							removed PagerTest
							fixed stale-transaction bug in paging handler
							fixed USRP clock rollover bug
							faster call connection
							new USRPDevice design

2.3	Jean Lafitte	KSP		r190? (trunk)	check for out-of-date RACH bursts
							better TRX-GSM clock sync
							formal logging system
							command line interface
							emergency call setup

2.4	Kinder		KSP		rxxx (trunk)	fixed BCCH neighbor list bug
							support for neighbor lists
							fixed support for non-local Asterisk servers
							cleaner configuration management
							more realtime control of BCCH parameters
							proper rejection of Hold messages
							fixed L3 hanging bug in MTDCheckBYE


2.4.1	Kinder		KSP				fixed lots of valgrind errors

2.4.2	Kinder		KSP				zero-length calling party number bug
							g++ 4.4 #includes

2.5	Lacassine					SMS server support
							GNU Radio 3.2 compatibility
							configurable max range and LU-reject cause
							"page" & "testcall" CLI features

